Script and Presentation for Video 12: Applications in Industrial and Agriculture Systems (#196)
w3c/wot-cg: Tutorials/whatiswot/12-Applications in Industrial and Agriculture Systems/README.md

- The Web of Things finds applications in diverse fields beyond smart homes and cities, with industrial and agriculture systems being two major and complex examples.

- First let's take a look at industrial systems.

### Industrial systems

- Industrial applications often resemble smart home scenarios, but come with broader and more demanding requirements. These include advanced monitoring of connected manufacturing equipment, tracking products and predicting possible machine failures.

- In factories, for example, devices from multiple manufacturers must work together seamlessly. WoT simplifies this by supporting a range of industrial protocols such as Modbus, Profinet, OPC UA, and MQTT, including legacy ones. Each device is described using a Thing Description, which tells other systems exactly how to interact with it. This reduces complexity and engineering effort without introducing overhead or security concerns - TDs enhance existing workflows.

> TDs also enable a new way to build application logic - whether it's control logic, business logic or mashups - using simple files instead of being locked into proprietary systems. This decouples devices from the end applications, offering flexibility and long-term maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TDs also enable a new way to build application logic - whether it's control logic, business logic or mashups - using simple files instead of being locked into proprietary systems. This decouples devices from vendor-specific applications, offering flexibility and long-term maintainability.
```
